Okay. What made you go to speed up?
Being on a bridge and everyone's speeding up. I mean, we're starting to move on, like, this is a faster road, so.
Okay.
Yeah we should be about . This is a totally new thing that I've never seen, the fact that this bridge like totally opened within--
[Siri] Left lane to merge onto PA 28 South towards Pittsburgh.
But like shows you for example, you know, these ways, these two lanes are this way, I find this to be like, I'm really glad it isn't like a lot of accidents on this. But this seems like something that could really easily turn into an accident.
Turn into that sometimes.
Exactly, right, so if you're really used to always getting in the middle lane--
Turn left.
[Both] Yeah.
And then all of a sudden one day you're driving in a different time, I don't know, it just seems kinda crazy to me. I mean, it makes sense from the perspective of better utilization, it's just that, like in California on the Golden Gate Bridge, they would have the zipper and it would actually move cones so that that's how they did it. So you never really could be wrong. Where as here like, I feel like you could totally be wrong. Ah man, I hope I never experience someone coming the wrong way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah, just out of habits if they're used to driving on that particular lane.
Right.
[Siri] In 1.7 miles, take the exit onto I-579 South and I-279 South towards Fort Pitt Bridge.
Do you usually listen to music when on a highway? 'Cause you mentioned that before.
Yeah, yeah, like I said I usually listen to music while I'm driving, like, almost always, so.
Okay.
Yeah, it's not that often when I don't listen to music while driving. It's one of the reasons why the, the other reason why the Car Play is really nice. I mean, I had Bluetooth on my old stereo which was great, but it's just way easier to interact with the music on this. So, like once we get on to... How about this, I can play a little music and like show you what it's like once we get onto 579 South?
Sure.
Because this area, so I've driven this road before and I always feel like I have to pay a little more attention just because we're moving fast. You know, we're at 55 miles an hour and there's like a lot of interchanges and people coming in and people going out. I just feel like I have to pay more attention here.
Okay.
But I know that once we get on 579, it's a much more open--
[Siri] Stay in the middle lane.
Okay.
[Siri] Use the right lane to take the exit onto I-579 South and I-279 South towards Fort Pitt Bridge. Then keep right towards Fort Pitt Bridge on that route.
Do you ever miss an exit?
Yes, I have missed an exit before.
[Siri] Use the right lane to keep right.
Like what, during those times, what kind of, how do you get to that point of missing an exit? What happened for you to miss an exit?
I will answer your question after I finish this interchange. Yeah, a lot going on.
Was that interchange kind of taxing?
Yeah, definitely, still not done. Okay.
[Siri] Stay in the second lane from the left. In 3/4 of a mile, keep right onto Fort Duquesne Bridge. Stay in the middle lane.
Yeah, this whole area right here, there's just so much going on, this is a very taxing area to drive in, I found.
[Siri] Use the right two lanes to keep right towards Fort Duquesne Bridge.
Just even the number of--
Yeah.
You know, voice things I'm getting.
Yeah, do you have trouble try and talking while because it's happening, like this is just, like you focus more on the interchanges?
Yeah, in general I--
Keep right and continue onto Fort Pitt Bridge.
Yeah, in general, it is harder to talk while I'm navigating all of these--
[Siri] Stay in the right two lanes.
Weird interchanges and stuff. I guess this is the right lane so. I don't know if I've ever taken that interchange.
Oh okay, was it your first time?
I think so, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, see how this is like a slope, this is fucking awful. See that, that's like a crazy. Like who designs a road that way?
Stay in the left two lanes.
Yeah, yeah. How are you feeling right now?
Stressed.
Yeah?
This is a stressful--
Yeah.
Yeah, with this whole like, this is all very stressful.
Yeah.
And then--
Was that kind of unexpected to see that car in your lane?
It's just hard to navigate. And they have a stop so in theory, they're supposed to, they have to yield, but it's just so weird because they're going forward and I'm getting over.
Yeah.
I just don't why you would design a road that way.